hello again netrunner fans willing done
here and today I'm going to share some
of my tips for playing against Jen
techie replicating perfection no other
deck is capable of creating such strong
remote servers that are able to
withstand the runners attack over the
critical turns needed to score agendas
combine this with a very strong and
fairly robust economy as well as a set
of ice that's very taxing for the runner
to deal with and you've got a deck
that's all about the economy war before
we look at some examples of tactics that
you can use against RP let's make sure
that we understand the way that the ID
ability works and the ways that we can
play against it RP is going to force us
to make a run on a central server before
we're able to make runs against their
remotes pay particular attention to the
fact that we don't have to make a
successful run we just have to make a
run in order to satisfy this ability for
this reason our corporation opponents
are going to have to be smart about how
they deploy their ice on the central
servers even though my corporation
opponent has lots of really good ice rez
there's a major weakness in his board
position can you see it since Eli 1
point 0 is the outermost piece of ice on
RD if we want to run and trash his to
asset remotes we can just bump into the
Eli let our run end and then we're going
to be able to run those remotes with
impunity for this reason good RP players
try to put some sort of nasty effect ice
on their outermost piece that way if you
run into it to try to gain access to the
remotes you at least have to suffer the
consequence of something like suruchi
also keep in mind if you're looking to
gain access to the remotes you can just
encounter the first piece of ice and
then Jack out so if we ran against this
pup for example we could just pay the
two credits and then just Jack out so
that we don't have to deal with Creek
earlier I describe replicating
perfection as a deck focused on the
economic war in this next section we're
going to look at some ways that you can
win that war as the runner my first
basic tip
to destroy the economy assets when you
can without the constant influx of drip
economy it can be difficult for an RP
player to afford to res all of their ice
for this reason we need to prioritize
destroying sundews and other asset
economy especially when we access it out
of the central servers if you're facing
a lot of RP it might make sense to
include some cards to reduce the cost to
trash the stuff things like imp ore
scrubber as I just mentioned the cost of
RP ice tends to be pretty high for this
reason destroying or D raising their ice
is particularly effective dealing with
their ice in this way is really good on
central servers because then they're
going to have to commit more ice to
defend something like rd instead of
putting it in front of their asset
economy or building a large remote
server another major point against RP is
that it's going to be really taxing to
do basically any type of run against
them for this reason we don't want to
spend too many credits making single
access runs on the central especially if
it's really expensive to get in it would
be better to focus on using multi-access
effects if we're going to be running
against the Central's since we're going
to get a much better value out of that
taxing run if you access a central
server when you're broke you're going to
be missing a lot of opportunities to
trash stuff like Caprice their asset
economy or to just score their agendas
like napd or future perfect also keep in
mind when you're being taxed by their
ice that if you spin down to broke at
the end of a ton it might be very easy
for them to get a scoring window out of
that if you're super broke you're
probably not going to be able to contest
a remote especially with something like
Caprice or ash in it since the RP ice is
going to extensively tax us we're going
to want to try to maximize our own
economy cards to get the best yield out
of them possible for example if we're
playing a prepaid Kate deck it might
make more sense to try to draw into a
prepay
before we play our burst economy cards
that way we can get an extra couple
credits out of those cards and they'll
go just a little bit further RP
generally isn't very fast at winning the
game and really the only threat that we
have in the early game is them rushing
out a nice a mark too for this reason we
can usually take a little bit longer to
set up our economy and our rig before we
need to be too aggressive against them
the two cards that most often create
scoring opportunities for RP are ash and
caprice nice eh both of these are highly
contingent on the economic situation in
the game ash is going to require that
they have about the same number of
credits as you and that they've created
a remote server that you can't just run
twice if you can easily get into the
remote you can just run and trash the
ash and then just rerun the server and
score whatever is there caprice can be a
little more difficult to deal with the
easiest way to beat her sigh game effect
is to just have the corporations spent
broke for this reason a lot of players
play things like a count siphon or vamp
to try to suck all the corpse credits
away and then just be able to run and
trash the caprice if your opponent
instead plays the caprice on the HQ to
defend against siphon or vamp you're
going to be able to get into their
scoring remotes easier because they're
going to have the caprice there instead
of on the remote another easy way to
deal with Caprice is to destroy the ice
defending her this will let us rerun her
over and over and we can just spend zero
each time on the sigan bid our
corporation opponent is going to have to
bid some number of credits to be able to
defend her and that can be really taxing
especially if we've destroyed their
economy assets beyond just the credit
tax of breaking their expensive ice the
RP idea ability also puts a click tax on
the runner since we have to spend a
click in order to be able to gain access
to the remotes for this reason effects
that gain the runner clicks tend to be
pretty effective against RP if you can
include some of these in your
back it'll definitely help against their
ID ability even though most are pdx
don't play that many damage effects they
are still gen techie for this reason we
want to make sure that we don't get flat
line in a game that we could have one
otherwise for the most part this means
we need to avoid stupid damage centuries
that could flatline us if we don't have
a breaker it is worth considering veetle
AI since a fair number of gentech edex
include one or two of these as a nasty
surprise why hope some of these
suggestions can help improve your game
against RP it's certainly a deck that
requires a lot of careful planning and
good decision-making to be able to
defeat and I think it's really a deck
that tests your fundamentals on both
sides thanks for watching if you liked
the video please press subscribe and the
button that looks like a thumbs up and
I'll see you again for some more
netrunner stuff
you